
Technology:
> 
> How is IOTA/Tangle different from Blockchain ? How does consensus work for Tangle?
> In case of bitcoin, the mining rewards are reduced by half of current coinbase value every four years ... Whats the purpose of such reduction?
> Limitations of todays public blockchains (used for bitcoin)
  1. Limited transaction processing capability ... avg 1K txns processed per block every 10 mins ... explain technical background for limiting txns per block.
  2. Increase in the ledger size over time ... with 1K txns per 10 mins, we have 150GB ledger already ... if the txn speed goes higher ther ledge size increases exponentially ... There are some solutions in the form of using inversible bloom filters for blocks ... block pruning techniques etc to reduce the size of ledgers
  3. Proof of work burns electricity/power ... alt solutions includes Intel's PoET
  4. Takes time to bootstrap a new blockchain ... imagine you want to start your own public blockchain
  5. Privacy issue ... once a public key is mapped to an identity then all the transactions info is available
  
Misc:
1. Bitcoin taxation rules in India?
2. 

Post Ideas:
1. Programmers as lawyers in future
2. 

A cryptocurrency needs to have following characteristics:
Assume that there is a transaction done between alice and bob ... Alice transfers x coins to bob. 
1. There should be a way to validate this transaction i.e. alice should now contain x coins less and bob's account should reflect x coins more ... In case of a bank transaction, this validity is ensured by the bank. In case of a decentralized currency, everyone other participant in the network should be able to check and validate this transaction ... Now opening the transactions to all the entities results in a security issue ...
a. can someone change the transaction downline ? 
b. Can alice refute that such a transaction was ever done ?
c. Can bob claim that rather than x coins, y coins were credited to his account ?
How can the system allow everyone in the network access to the transaction but does not allow anyone to change it ?
Governments and large organizations have access to enormous computing and other resources ... Is it possible to provide tamper-proof ledger which can hold such transactions information and make it infeasible (not impossible) for any government or large organization to not change it ?
